# Our Purpose

	It’s perhaps the most cliché thing to say regarding computers, but we really do live in a digital age. You could traverse to a poor and remote developing country, be forced to barter for a camel (as it’s the only means of transportation available to you), and foolishly ride it out into the middle of a desperately hot and never-ending desert, surrounded by nothing but an ocean of sand. Even in this hellish landscape, if you happened to be fortunate enough to run into someone…there is a reasonable chance they’ll a cell phone. No matter where you go in the world, you’re surrounded by digital information. Not just your neighbor’s information, but your information too. 

	We’re in this weird loop: Technology becomes cheaper and more convenient-> People don’t understand the technology, but they still buy more of it and its convenience -> People become more vulnerable to technology ->Technology becomes cheaper and more convenient…
		
	We’re going to show this loop by taking a very small and very cheap computer, known as a Raspberry Pi (from hence forth referred to as a/the Pi for simplicity), and use it to interfere, manipulate, attack, and basically just wreak havoc against other systems. To further showcase how vulnerable the average person is to such transgressions, we will do so by utilizing and documenting information and instructions that can be found online by anyone with an internet connection. That, combined with the size and affordability of the Pi, will illustrate just how easily anyone can become a digital terrorist.

	Doing something such as showing how easily almost anyone can become a digital threat might not seem like a great idea at first. However, in the actions of doing so, we’re also going to show how the average person can protect themselves from such actions. After all, the best way to protect yourself in a fight is to first learn how to fight. 
